Capability

1. Object Array creation
2. Stream API
3. Flow control statements
4. Object class and its methods
5. Method Overriding
6. Bean and Service classes
7. Methods



This is capability Exam which will test the capability of Students
knowing and applying skills.

Below Test is to understand how much knowledge the student has 
on OOPS and Logical ability.

Note : * create 2 versions of the program 
         1.using only arrays
         2.using Stream API

       * for every question above create a new method and impl. the logics.
       * create Bean or POJO according to requirements.


Q1. Create an array of Employees with minimum of 10 objects 
   and perform the following operations

   a) display all the employees whose salary is greater than 5000;

   b) return any employee who is having job as "Salesman".

   c) return the employee with given ID.

   d) delete the employee with given ID. return new array and display all employees.

   e) return the count of how many are "DEVELOPER".

   f) print details of employees with same names.


Q2.
   a) display all the Products sorted by desc order of price;

   b) return any product with seller name as "galaxy".

   c) return the product with given ID.

   d) update the product with given ID. 
      return new array and display all product new array.

   e) return the count of how many are "electronics".

   f) print details of product with same expiry date.

   g) display all the Food Products



Q3.
   a) display all the Rooms sorted by desc order of price;

   b) return any Room with type as "Deluxe".

   c) return the Room with given RoomNo.

   d) update the Room with given RoomNo. 
      return new array and display all RoomNo new array.

   e) return the count of "occupied" status.



Q4.  
   a) display all the Flights having Destination as "GOA"

   b) return the Flight with given FlightNo

   c) display the counts of Flights having status as 
      "CANCELD","ON-TIME" OR "ON-AIR".

   d) update the Flight with given FlightNo. 

   e) display all Flights with occupied seats more than 50.

   f) display count of "ECONOMIC" and "BUISNESS" seats in given
      flightNO


